fix(doc): small corrections (#613)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/alerts-notifications/resources-status.md

When one or more alerts are visible, you may need to acknowledge them to tell
your team that the problem is handled, you can do that in two ways:

> -   By directly acknowledging on the line, an "Acknowledgement" button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   By directly acknowledging the line, an "Acknowledgement" button
```

your team that the problem is handled, you can do that in two ways:

> -   By directly acknowledging on the line, a "Acknowledgement" button

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   By directly acknowledging on the line, an "Acknowledgement" button
```

>     appear on mouseover

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    appears on mouseover
```

![image](../assets/alerts/resources-status/resources-status-acknowledgement.gif)

> Only "non-ok" resources can be acknowledged

> > You can not acknowledge a resource already acknowledged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You cannot acknowledge a resource already acknowledged
```

When a resource is acknowledged, the alert is not visible anymore in the
"Unhandled problems" filter and notifications for this resource are stopped.

> The colour of the lines for resources with an acknownledgement set is changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The color of the line for acknowledged resources is changed
```

to yellow.

The acknowledgement can also be deleted to put the event back to the unhandled
events and resume the notifications.

### Set a planned downtime

When a maintenance is planned on one or multiple resources, you can set a
planned downtime for them in Centreon in two ways:

> -   By directly setting a planned downtime on the line when the mouse is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   By directly setting a planned downtime on the line,
```

>     over it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a "Set Downtime" button appears on mouseover
```

-   By selecting multiple lines and clicking on the "Downtime" button,
    above the table

![image](../assets/alerts/resources-status/resources-status-downtime.gif)

When a resource is in planned downtime, the alert is not visible anymore in the
"Unhandled problems" filter and notifications for this resource are stopped. The

> colour of lines for resources with a downtime set is changed to light purple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
color of lines for resources with a planned downtime is changed to light purple.
```

context, using multiple criterias and even complex regular expressions.
In that case, you may want to save this filter and re-use it later.

This is possible using the **gear icon** next to Filter. You'll be able to:

-   Save your current search as a new filter

> -   Save the current filter so that it's updated using your current

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Save the current filter so that it is updated using your current
```

![image](../assets/alerts/resources-status/resources-status-graph-display-events.gif)

> It's possible to add a comment directly on the graph, by left clicking anywhere at the time you want to add it, and select "Add a comment" on the tooltip that appears:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to add a comment directly on the graph, by left clicking anywhere at the time you want to add it, and select "Add a comment" on the tooltip that appears:
```
